AI GENERATED. What?
And you?
108.
Please write it now his name
on a piece of it.
Good,
she's all right.
Do,
all right,
slow and steady means the rain.
Mm.
Uh,
good
Ready.
Excellent,
will you write it down for me
the name?
Oh
Who is it?
God's hands have become very soft.
that they be going up.
Good that we have.
Yeah.
Thank you.
No,
no,
I think I had.
Uh-huh.
I know.
Mhm.
This one?
Yeah.
I
Could
Uh,
they might call you.
So
there's something else.
No
In some
And
All right,
it doesn't spoil you.
OK.
Oh
Well
Hold on.
Do
You're very much cleared out
all right.
But uh
in that thing,
did I say something about TM?
In that lecture when
uh this fellow was there,
did I say something about you?
I can.
After?
He left
because you asked me some questions about it or something.
Another car
he had gone by then,
huh.
What did you say?
Is it?
If he goes to him,
then what did he say?
So it went on that but uh.
On the defensive
He was on the defensive.
I said.
There was a woman next to him.
Yeah.
No,
no,
no.
So what,
what did she say?
Um,
and she,
she was kind of fifty-fifty at that stage
because she could feel cool and everything,
but she was a bit wondering.
But uh
I,
I didn't realise at the time,
but I cotton on that he wasn't gonna.
You know,
he was just
looking more than coming to get realisation and so.
was
that
But to me it didn't,
he didn't seem very uh.
It seems like you know did nothing and all that.
Work
Now what I'm saying.
That uh he was flickering his eyes
when you told him
but the has come up.
What is it
But.
Yeah
What
It's some like.
I'll get you
That you
OK.
I
You ready to like,
huh?
He just is left for the channel
is because of this and that is it.
I
Mhm.
OK.
Mhm
Mhm.
the
Mm
there you go.
I'm
You
I think.
Mhm
So I don't know what
You
Mhm
What about the husband?
For like
I
and then we like to see it with
with the.
Yes.
It's really you were willing to.
but you know she told me,
she told me that mother,
if you come,
uh,
you see these people will change their idea.
problem on the um.
is supposedly in the shank.
tradition.
And we are told that it is a change.
Do you not read Shankara?
I mean,
but it's very
abstract way of saying things.
The relatively absolute,
that's it.
These are such fun bombastic things the way they talk 10.
So they say this can't be wrong,
there's been a secret thing.
Have you got any certificate from his guru even?
I
don't think his guru ever said that he's my disciple.
I'm sure of it.
Is there any certificate from his guru?
How does he say he was his guru?
He was Shankara.
You either believe or disbelieve.
You either believe or you're a disbeliever.
Another thing I can tell you.
That
if he thought he was a directly,
he should have been appointed Shankaraja.
Oh my God.
Imagine what is
What is Shankarachary?
What is all this?
But you don't read Shavi Shankar.
He doesn't give you books to read about.
It's like a lot of it's like a lot of um.
You're not
encouraged to read outside.
You're not encouraged to explore outside the confines of the a lot of,
you see,
when you start reading outside it,
you finish up here.
So you,
you only read
whatever is in there,
whatever they teach.
You're only encouraged to,
as I say,
if you read it.
The 1st 6 chapters of Cocoa,
which I read
about a week after I started TM and I haven't read.
with each other.
I all his commentary,
but at the time I thought.
And he makes every single paragraph in the background.
meditation.
Christian Lord be without the threes.
What he's saying is.
Well,
that's true.
He claims that CMU takes him directly to the transcendental field.
All seems to make sense.
They feel.
I think that's the basis of it like myself,
and then,
then it falls down to it's a complete liar.
So what do they teach then?
I mean,
they don't allow you to read any other thing.
Then what do they teach you?
The movement is about the.
Let me put it this way,
the movements in two halves.
They're the meditators,
the teachers.
And there are probably 1600 teachers.
Well there are about
2 million many days.
Don't be taught to take.
Probably only half actually practise it or even less.
What is the technique?
Still,
I don't understand.
They give you just a month.
So it's an,
an inner exploration as opposed to an intellectual thing.
It's an inner exploration into the transcendence.
What
Which is the source of,
you see,
he describes it as a field of all possibilities that
runs the home of all the laws of nature,
huh,
home
of all the laws of nature.
To transcend
source of thought,
the source of creative intelligence.
But if you,
if he's saying Shankar you never believed in thought.
Well,
it's beyond you,
you're meant to take you is beyond the mind is the source of thought.
You know that you're going to be very sore the first.
A little speck of thought.
Blossoms into the
at the gross level.
So you're diving,
you're transcending the um.
Indian philosophic adage of the cf dipped in dye
dried in the sun bleached lifted again,
dried
till the colours fast
and very bright,
and that is the experience of transcending.
what they do is this you have this mantra and the whatever it is.
You keep on saying it in your mind and then after.
And you're going to,
I think you're going to the subconscious field my head always.
I wake up and then I'd sleep and I used to have lots of.
And that's good it's only expressing.
What they used to say was every time I.
Actually really you are all bad people you are.
How could you listen to such a nonsense as that,
see.
Well,
it was the promise of release from the bondage of the relatives.
Of what?
Release from the bondage of the relative existence.
The attachment to if you're a seeker you just blah blah to see
because he says that he's taking you out of a bondage of materialism
how.
By loosening your grip,
you see,
his,
his opinion of renunciation
is not tapa.
It's meditation because when you transcend
and reach the thoughtless awareness.
That is your renunciation because you're no longer in touch with your relatives.
But do you really?
I can't remember.
That's it.
And then they would say like,
does he say also
that you must have committed since that's why you cannot do it you have to do it more.
Does he say so?
No,
no.
This is a way of short circuiting the car move.
He said so and why is he there?
You should ask him if,
if you have to bear our karma.
It is impossible to ask.
He's in an ivory tower,
you know,
he's detached from and this in a sense is where the seed of the downfall might occur.
It's too remote.
And their problems aren't answered.
You see what he's done,
he's uh.
He's divided himself
1600 times
by teaching people.
So
the teachers of the.
Holders of the knowledge.
But often,
you know,
they reach problems as with garlic,
for example,
for myself,
I mean,
I was suicidal.
A year ago
Um,
Nobody could help you.
There was no rapport among ourselves.
No one,
nobody,
nobody could help.
I mean the teachers.
Couldn't help it.
Your depressions were,
you know,
beyond.
Oh
So this is the problem but these teachers are paid or?
They they
they live.
On a sergeant,
they get a very small amount,
not a living income.
I don't have enough to live on.
So you know the money goes.
You
Set up the see first of all,
they
uh they
they never
kept anything open for you,
so they closed it.
By sort of putting an all about it.
Not to ask this,
you are not to do,
you are not to complain.
The first thing they do is to sort of cut you from.
All the other
Because
uh.
They knew that they would be found out.
So they just kept you out
and started talking big,
you see,
which was too heavy for you already.
We thought was going to other
sources we thought that you may not be able to learn.
As I say,
you know,
by not encouragement it today.
You know,
developed the blinker effect and also people fear.
Um,
there's a lot of.
Like
a lot of people want to become teachers,
and it's very expensive.
It costs about 6000 pounds.
Become a TMP
It takes about 9 months.
Um,
and a lot of people live in fear.
For example,
for me to have come to your meeting.
On Thursday
it will be seen.
Um,
that would have destroyed my chances.
To see,
to be seen,
even looking casually not move.
I,
I didn't understand it.
If you could.
I saw that you go to another.
That
that would be the end.
I wouldn't be allowed.
Oh,
I
You know you've committed the cardinal 7 looking.
Searching,
I see.
So there's an awful lot of fears that people are worried.
Um,
a friend of mine went to,
uh,
Palms to sign.
And I too have been
And she was told that that was her chance.
For coming
So people didn't care.
See that charge also if you go to other gurus,
you catch me I'm not,
but apart from that you're free.
You're free to go.
See,
thing is so similar.
I'm just trying to see,
but what is the subtle point?
You're free to go to anyone,
but if you catch,
then I'll have to clear it out.
That's all.
But you do catch and you yourself feel bad.
That's it.
It's absolutely.
I mean,
nobody can.
all these other things.
Mm.
See,
there was a flux,
an awful lot of people went to go.
Quite a few teachers thought he was better.
Yeah.
I know that must be that I did push it up never speak it up like never speak.
So the first deception is that it's not the Shank.